Rewrite type inference intro (#342)
ferrocene/specification: src/types-and-traits.rst

.. rubric:: Legality Rules

:dp:`fls_h8sedxew0d4u`
:t:`Type inference` is the process of automatically determining the :t:`type` of
:t:`[expression]s` and :t:`[pattern]s` within a :t:`type inference root`.

:dp:`fls_ybvrhh96fc7y`

> A :dt:`type inference root` is an :t:`expression` whose contained

Reviewer: Do not format to add the definition in the Glossary.

Reviewer: I meant "forget" :D

> A :dt:`type inference root` is an :t:`expression` whose contained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :t:`type inference root` is an :t:`expression` whose inner
```

:t:`[expression]s` and :t:`[pattern]s` are subject to :t:`type inference`

> independently of other inference roots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
independently of other :t:`[type inference root]s`.
```
